Her voice was curiously soft, without the least ring or evensuggestion of firmness; warm and yielding as a summer wavelet.Morgan was somewhat startled at her words; he had almost expected somestrange, rich, musical language to fall from her lips.Ingram drew over a stool, and Cleo bade him be seated. There wassomewhat of an embarrassed silence. Morgan scarcely knew how to meetthe occasion. It struck him that perhaps he ought to be grateful toIngram, for he had now a conviction that the letter of his which Cleohad had in her possession had really interested her in him—hadtouched some sympathetic chord in her—and that the task ofcultivating her would not, for that very reason, prove a difficultone. He was cerPg 107tain that her nature had much in common with his own,and that the future which was now to be unrolled was to be a series oftableaux as charming as this first one.He felt it incumbent upon him to dispose of the matter for whichnominally he had come, and murmured that Ingram had n
ow sufficientlyshown his good faith, and that he personally was quite satisfied. Ashe spoke he looked at Cleo again, and her eyes and lips gleamed at himstrangely. He was aware she wished to say a good deal to him, but thatthe presence of Ingram hindered. And as the same constrained silenceonce more fell upon them, the elusive odour of her perfume seemed toobtrude again, as though taking the opportunity to assert itself.Ingram at length remarked that the hour was late, and that if Cleowould excuse them he would escort Mr. Druce back. He was glad thatharmony had been re-established, and he expressed his thanks to Cleofor so willingly receiving his friend and helping to heal the breach.Morgan did not mind having this first interview with Cleo thus cutshort, especially as he could not talk with Ingram there to listen. Hewas, moreover, uncomfortably aware that Ingram was watching himclosely the whole time, and he did not fail to detect the tinge ofirony in the novelist's last little speech
. But he felt he had closedhis account with the man, and he would not trouble his brains any moreabout his motives or meaning. He therefore rose to say good-night toCleo. She offered them wine, but both men refused, so she smilinglygave her hand again without striving to detain them.Pg 108Outside, each seemed given up to his own thoughts. Morgan would makeno comment on what had been revealed to him, nor apparently did Ingramwant to hear any.They separated at a cab rank, each taking a separate vehicle. And onlyas they were about to part did Ingram break the silence:"I need hardly tell you you have seen a hidden side of my life. I lookto you to forget."Pg 109The very rapidity of the glimpse that Morgan had had into thatHampstead interior made it the more fascinating to dwell upon inimagination, and, though the definite figure of Cleo now took theplace of the vague, smiling woman who had always been with him, itseemed to him that he had discerned Cleo's every feature from thebeginning.The
 general flow of his thoughts and moods were coloured by thisfantastic adventure on which, he now felt, he was fairly embarked.Nevertheless his life was not proceeding precisely on the lines he hadconceived when he had resolved to transport his imaginativecombinations from the field of paper to the field of life, to weavedreams from reality instead of from thought. That disattachment he haddecided on in order that he might abandon himself wholly to the urgingof his temperament was proving a much more gradual process than he hadsupposed.For as yet the old relations were being continued; the man inhim—which the poet was unable to suppress entirely—could not breakthese off abruptly. Thus, when Margaret's pink note announcing thestudio-warming arrived, he could not possibly accept the notion ofignoring it, for was he not her true and healthy lover? Hisfriendship, too, with Lady Thiselton, had even become strengthened inspite of himself. He could not help tellPg 110ing himself again and aga
inthat she was as firm and true as a rock. And the very man in him thatappreciated her sterling qualities had still a sense of shame at hishaving taken money from her, forced though his hand had been. Thevagueness and nebulousness of the future that suited the poet made theman with his healthy repugnance to debt extremely uncomfortable.The flow of his existence had thus split up into two currents, but thestronger by far was the poetic force in him that made for a desperateplaying with life.Yet several days passed without his being impelled to go to Cleoagain. Even as he had been wont to wait for inspiration, so he waitednow for the spirit to move him to the next step in this life-fantasy.His time got frittered away, he scarcely knew how. He replied toseveral letters from his father, who wrote to him at great length onparticular points of ethics, for the banker had by now seriously setto work on his magnum opus. Two or three times Helen ran in to seehim at tea-time, and did her best to 
amuse him. The mere reflectionthat Ingram must suppose he was but the most casual acquaintance ofHelen's was sufficient for that; so that she had not a very difficulttask, and expressed herself highly pleased at the agreeable mood inwhich she was now finding him. She chatted quite freely about Ingramand the latest developments of his courtship of her. She had refusedhim for the fifth time, but he didn't seem the least bit discouragedyet."By the way," she went on, "I've just been reading his biography in amagazine. Evidently he has not been as frank with his interviewer ashe has been with me. The way I made him confess was just lovely,though nowPg 111 he makes that a grievance, much to my indignation. All Isaid was I couldn't possibly begin to consider his case till I knewall about him. I made no promise at all. At first, indeed, he wasfoolish enough to insist his record was spotless. A man who writesnovels of such sound moral tone! If only he had written naturalisticnovels, I might hav
e believed him."Morgan wondered if Ingram had included Cleo in his "confession." Hewas rather inclined to doubt it, because he felt sure that the verystrangeness of that liaison would have made Helen want to tell himabout it."And what do you intend to do with him ultimately?" he asked."Well, if I thought it would make you the least bit jealous, I shouldannounce that I intended to accept him. But as there is no possibleadvantage to be gained by such a falsehood, it would be veryextravagant of me to waste it. I've scattered so many of them in mytime that I must be economical for the rest of my life."Though he had never for a moment believed there was any possibility ofher marrying Ingram, he was yet relieved to hear her state herintentions so definitely. Such was his sense of Ingram's unworthinessof her!A couple of days later he went to Margaret's studio-warming. Both theexperience and the anticipation of it were emotionally exciting. Butas a good many of Margaret's particular friends we
re there, herattention had to be spread out a great deal, and he did not have totalk to her much at first. Certainly there was nothing between themthat could be called conversation.He found it soothing to talk a little with Mrs. Medhurst, who wasalways equable, nice, and apparently in aPg 112 pleased mood. She also hadbeen receiving long confidential letters from his father, and sheexpressed the fear that at the rate the latter was now going in thedirection of iconoclasm he was courting public suppression."He is very much in earnest," she added. "I have written him at lengthabout the bringing up of daughters—he insisted on having my views. Heis very modest, though—just ventures to hope for success. 'If I onlyhad Morgan's pen,' he once wrote, yearningly."To be reminded now how completely his father had been won over tobelief in him was but to have all the bitterness of his failure againconcentrated in one moment.During the rest of the time he found himself carrying on ahalf-hearted conv
ersation here and there, yet with all his attentionon Margaret. He followed her with his eyes, watching her everymovement and gesture, noting her every smile, catching her laughterand the sound of her voice. Something that was light, that wassunshine, seemed to detach itself from her and to fill the whole room;something that brought a sense of happiness to mingle with his strangemood.He felt that happiness as a sick man feels a cool, soft caress on hisbrow.Pg 113One afternoon Morgan took a hansom and drove to Hampstead. He enteredthe glass-covered way that led up to Cleo's door and knockedunhesitatingly. The servant who responded to his summons stared at himin undisguised astonishment."Is your mistress at home?" he asked, for he did not know by what nameto enquire for Cleo. He sent in his own, however, and was immediatelyushered into her presence. This gave him no elation, because he hadtaken it for granted she would receive him."I had a sort of presentiment you would come to-day," sai
d Cleo, throwing onone side the novel she had been reading, and the cover of which, illumined withseven mystic stars and a veiled floating figure, just caught his eye."And I just felt that I must come," he said as, at her invitation,he took a seat on one of the quaint stools with somewhat of an air oflong habituation to this strange Egyptian chamber.Cleo was lounging on her gilded settee, obviously arrayed to receivehim in the hope of his calling. A vague, mystic light that compelledan almost religious emotion came through the tiny window panes. Thefountain played with a soft splash."Do you know I am what the vulgar call 'superstiPg 114tious?'" shecontinued. "I always knew you would come into my life."As she spoke her eyes seemed to shine with a greater fire. The scarletof her lips to-day was somewhat concealed by the half shadows; herhair, too, seemed silkier and more restrained in tone than his firstimpression of it. Her gown was of a vague colour—a sort of blue-grey,in which the ele
