Gervaise flushed. She thought she would have felt less shame if he hadtaken her in his arms and kissed her. Goujet was an odd fellow, proposingto elope, just the way it happens in novels. Well, she had seen plenty ofworkingmen making up to married women, but they never took them even asfar as Saint-Denis."Ah, Monsieur Goujet," she murmured, not knowing what else to say."Don't you see?" he said. "There would only be the two of us. It annoys mehaving others around."Having regained her self-possession, however, she refused his proposal."It's impossible, Monsieur Goujet. It would be very wrong. I'm a marriedwoman and I have children. We'd soon regret it. I know you care for me,and I care for you also, too much to let you do anything foolish. It'smuch better to stay just as we are. We have respect for each other andthat's a lot. It's been a comfort to me many times. When people in oursituation stay on the straight, it is better in the end."He nodded his head as he listened. He agreed with h
er and was unable tooffer any arguments. Suddenly he pulled her into his arms and kissed her,crushing her. Then he let her go and said nothing more about their love.She wasn't angry. She felt they had earned that small moment of pleasure.Goujet now didn't know what to do with his hands, so he went aroundpicking dandelions and tossing them into her basket. This amused him andgradually soothed him. Gervaise was becoming relaxed and cheerful. Whenthey finally left the vacant lot they walked side by side and talked ofhow much Etienne liked being at Lille. Her basket was full of yellowdandelions.Gervaise, at heart, did not feel as courageous when with Lantier as shesaid. She was, indeed, perfectly resolved not to hear his flattery, evenwith the slightest interest; but she was afraid, if ever he should touchher, of her old cowardice, of that feebleness and gloominess into whichshe allowed herself to glide, just to please people. Lantier, however, didnot avow his affection. He several times f
ound himself alone with her andkept quiet. He seemed to think of marrying the tripe-seller, a woman offorty-five and very well preserved. Gervaise would talk of thetripe-seller in Goujet's presence, so as to set his mind at ease. Shewould say to Virginie and Madame Lerat, whenever they were singing thehatter's praises, that he could very well do without her admiration,because all the women of the neighborhood were smitten with him.Coupeau went braying about everywhere that Lantier was a friend and a trueone. People might jabber about them; he knew what he knew and did not carea straw for their gossip, for he had respectability on his side. When theyall three went out walking on Sundays, he made his wife and the hatterwalk arm-in-arm before him, just by way of swaggering in the street; andhe watched the people, quite prepared to administer a drubbing if anyonehad ventured on the least joke. It was true that he regarded Lantier as abit of a high flyer. He accused him of avoiding hard liq
uor and teased himbecause he could read and spoke like an educated man. Still, he acceptedhim as a regular comrade. They were ideally suited to each other andfriendship between men is more substantial than love for a woman.Coupeau and Lantier were forever going out junketing together. Lantierwould now borrow money from Gervaise—ten francs, twenty francs at atime, whenever he smelt there was money in the house. Then on those dayshe would keep Coupeau away from his work, talk of some distant errand andtake him with him. Then seated opposite to each other in the corner ofsome neighboring eating house, they would guzzle fancy dishes which onecannot get at home and wash them down with bottles of expensive wine. Thezinc-worker would have preferred to booze in a less pretentious place, buthe was impressed by the aristocratic tastes of Lantier, who would discoveron the bill of fare dishes with the most extraordinary names.It was hard to understand a man so hard to please. Maybe it was from bei
nga southerner. Lantier didn't like anything too rich and argued about everydish, sending back meat that was too salty or too peppery. He hateddrafts. If a door was left open, he complained loudly. At the same time,he was very stingy, only giving the waiter a tip of two sous for a meal ofseven or eight francs. He was treated with respect in spite of that.The pair were well known along the exterior boulevards, from Batignollesto Belleville. They would go to the Grand Rue des Batignolles to eat tripecooked in the Caen style. At the foot of Montmartre they obtained the bestoysters in the neighborhood at the "Town of Bar-le-Duc." When theyventured to the top of the height as far as the "Galette Windmill" theyhad a stewed rabbit. The "Lilacs," in the Rue des Martyrs, had areputation for their calf's head, whilst the restaurant of the "GoldenLion" and the "Two Chestnut Trees," in the Chaussee Clignancourt, servedthem stewed kidneys which made them lick their lips. Usually they wenttoward Bel
leville where they had tables reserved for them at some placesof such excellent repute that you could order anything with your eyesclosed. These eating sprees were always surreptitious and the next daythey would refer to them indirectly while playing with the potatoes servedby Gervaise. Once Lantier brought a woman with him to the "GaletteWindmill" and Coupeau left immediately after dessert.One naturally cannot both guzzle and work; so that ever since the hatterwas made one of the family, the zinc-worker, who was already pretty lazy,had got to the point of never touching a tool. When tired of doingnothing, he sometimes let himself be prevailed upon to take a job. Thenhis comrade would look him up and chaff him unmercifully when he found himhanging to his knotty cord like a smoked ham, and he would call to him tocome down and have a glass of wine. And that settled it. The zinc-workerwould send the job to blazes and commence a booze which lasted days andweeks. Oh, it was a famous booze—a
 general review of all the dramshops of the neighborhood, the intoxication of the morning slept off bymidday and renewed in the evening; the goes of "vitriol" succeeded oneanother, becoming lost in the depths of the night, like the Venetianlanterns of an illumination, until the last candle disappeared with thelast glass! That rogue of a hatter never kept on to the end. He let theother get elevated, then gave him the slip and returned home smiling inhis pleasant way. He could drink a great deal without people noticing it.When one got to know him well one could only tell it by his half-closedeyes and his overbold behavior to women. The zinc-worker, on the contrary,became quite disgusting, and could no longer drink without putting himselfinto a beastly state.Thus, towards the beginning of November, Coupeau went in for a booze whichended in a most dirty manner, both for himself and the others. The daybefore he had been offered a job. This time Lantier was full of finesentiments; he lauded 
work, because work ennobles a man. In the morning heeven rose before it was light, for he gravely wished to accompany hisfriend to the workshop, honoring in him the workman really worthy of thename. But when they arrived before the "Little Civet," which was justopening, they entered to have a plum in brandy, only one, merely to drinktogether to the firm observance of a good resolution. On a bench oppositethe counter, and with his back against the wall, Bibi-the-Smoker wassitting smoking with a sulky look on his face."Hallo! Here's Bibi having a snooze," said Coupeau. "Are you down in thedumps, old bloke?""No, no," replied the comrade, stretching his arm. "It's the employers whodisgust me. I sent mine to the right about yesterday. They're all toadsand scoundrels."Bibi-the-Smoker accepted a plum. He was, no doubt, waiting there on thatbench for someone to stand him a drink. Lantier, however, took the part ofthe employers; they often had some very hard times, as he who had been inbusiness
 himself well knew. The workers were a bad lot, forever gettingdrunk! They didn't take their work seriously. Sometimes they quit in themiddle of a job and only returned when they needed something in theirpockets. Then Lantier would switch his attack to the employers. They werenasty exploiters, regular cannibals. But he could sleep with a clearconscience as he had always acted as a friend to his employees. He didn'twant to get rich the way others did."Let's be off, my boy," he said, speaking to Coupeau. "We must be going orwe shall be late."Bibi-the-Smoker followed them, swinging his arms. Outside the sun wasscarcely rising, the pale daylight seemed dirtied by the muddy reflectionof the pavement; it had rained the night before and it was very mild. Thegas lamps had just been turned out; the Rue des Poissonniers, in whichshreds of night rent by the houses still floated, was gradually fillingwith the dull tramp of the workmen descending towards Paris. Coupeau, withhis zinc-worker's bag sl
ung over his shoulder, walked along in theimposing manner of a fellow who feels in good form for a change. He turnedround and asked:"Bibi, do you want a job. The boss told me to bring a pal if I could.""No thanks," answered Bibi-the-Smoker; "I'm purging myself. You should askMy-Boots. He was looking for something yesterday. Wait a minute. My-Bootsis most likely in there."And as they reached the bottom of the street they indeed caught sight ofMy-Boots inside Pere Colombe's. In spite of the early hour l'Assommoir wasflaring, the shutters down, the gas lighted. Lantier stood at the door,telling Coupeau to make haste, because they had only ten minutes left."What! You're going to work for that rascal Bourguignon?" yelled My-Boots,when the zinc-worker had spoken to him. "You'll never catch me in hishutch again! No, I'd rather go till next year with my tongue hanging outof my mouth. But, old fellow, you won't stay three days, and it's I whotell you so.""Really now, is it such a dirty hole?" a
