Previously on "How to Get Away with Murder"...Here.Your friends aren't your family, Micky.I remember
 you showing up messed up the night of the bonfire.I wasn't high, Oli.Traumatized from what?Like you
 don't already know.Hello?His attorney's calling him down here right now.Land him.We'd like Wes to c
ooperate in an ongoing investigation.Davis:Rebecca Sutter.Annalise:Annalise? Explosion No, no! Whisp
ering  Wipe it clean.Everything on it.Mumford: Camera shutter clicks  The evidence?An anonymous sour
ce.Laurel's pregnant.Who's dead?He was already dead, before the fire.I didn't do this. Oh-oh, we'll 
shed our skin   we'll walk the other side   indistinct conversations  Oh-oh, we'll brace for it  you
're not gonna let me get it at all? And conquer everything  I'm not gonna make it easy for you. Oh, 
whoa   oh, whoa, oh   Laughs  Children cheering  And conquer everything   oh, whoa, oh, whoa  laughs
 Hey!I, uh...What internship?To work with undocumented immigrants?Oh, right.Yeah.Oh.I take it that's
 Meggy? Chuckles  Yeah.What?She looks like she wants an introduction.Oh.That would be weird, right?U
h, totally.Just tell her I have a meeting.Got it. Sniffles  Hey.Congratulations on the internship.Th
anks. Oh, whoa, oh, whoa, oh Bryant: Door buzzes, lock clicks You're getting out of here. Groans I'm
 being released?No, we're transferring you to county till your bail hearing.Up and at 'em. Oh, whoa,
 oh, whoa, oh tilt your head forward. Oh-oh, we'll shed our skin   we'll walk the other side  open y
our mouth. Camera shutter clicking  Oh-oh, we'll brace for it   and conquer everything  your wrist. 
alternate world   alternate age  vocalizing These are yours and yours alone to take care of.If you l
ose or destroy any property in your cell, you will receive a fine. Alternate world   alternate age  
 alternate life   lock clicks  Indistinct conversations  Buzzing in background Hi.Everyone's in the 
waiting area.They want to see you, but the doctors would only let me in.I told them I was your lawye
r. Beeps  Groans Oh.Wes died before the fire.The M.E. told me.Did you see anything before the explos
ion?Mm.I know you're in pain, but the detectives will be here soon.Good.I want to tell them who did 
it.Frank.No.Where is he, then?I want to ask him to his face.You know he would never hurt any of us.O
f course he would.Leave.If you tell the police, it will hurt all of us.Leave, or I'll tell them ever
ything. Door opens Michaela:Okay.Can we see her?The doctor said she's too weak.Does she remember any
thing?No.I'll call Meggy, see if she can get us in.Don't.She needs to be with people right now.She n
eeds sleep.Or you just don't want us to see her.You're scared that we might find out what actually h
appened.No one knows what happened.The police seem pretty confident that this was Annalise.Someone's
 framing her.And this is not the place to talk about it.Go home.I will call you once I know anything
.Where are you going?To see Annalise.Just...Are you okay?No.You should come back with us.I think I'm
 just gonna go home.Ol, it's not healthy to be alone right now.No, I... actually, I think that's exa
ctly what I need, so...Laurel thinks it was you.And what do you think?Just answer me.You think I'd d
o this to Annalise?After everything?I don't know what to think anymore.We know who did this.It's the
 Mahoneys.They must have found out Wes is Wallace's son, that you knew him.They have money to make w
hatever they need happen.Annalise?Doesn't matter who did it.Only person locked up is me.Your ball he
aring is tomorrow at 2:00.I called Helen Hughes. Sighs Eve would be a conflict of interest.Everyone'
s a conflict of interest.You have to do this.No.I will find someone you trust.Bonnie.We're under att
ack here.It has to be you. Sighs  Are you sure?I showed you.No, I know, but what if it ripped when y
ou were taking it off?Yeah."Yeah" as in "that's what happened"?I don't know. Exhales sharply Come he
re. Groans  Sighs  I hate my genes.I was on the pill when I was 17, but I turned into my mother...An
xious, depressed.I'm fine.I just had my period, so...Yeah, I'm just being paranoid. Blows  I'm sorry
.It's not your fault.It is.No, it's the condom manufacturer's fault.Yeah, but if I wasn't so big, it
 never would've broke. Chuckles Come on.It wasn't.I thought it was.It wasn't. Both chuckle  Knock on
 door, door opens Meggy:Those detectives are here. Exhales slowly Could these drugs hurt the baby?No
.They have you on Dilaudid because it's safe for pregnancy.Send them in.I walked in, I didn't see an
yone, so I looked in the kitchen.That's when I saw that the basement door was open, so I went down t
here.What did you see?Um...I just heard a... mm...A noise coming from upstairs, and then I woke up h
ere.When professor Keating called you, did she say why she wanted you at the house?You're trying to 
charge her with my attempted murder, right?Annalise didn't do this.Because you know who did?Well, th
at's your job to figure out.Connor:He's only been back a week.Yeah, well, it only takes one orgasm t
o make a baby.Can we please stop talking about this, especially in front of my mom?Why?Mom? Keys jin
gle  Door closes Mom?Connor:What does it say? Sighs I'm sorry.I told her to go.Yeah, but that was be
fore she knew anyone was dead.She knew.She's probably at the AirPort.I don't... Inhales deeply  I do
n't care.Look, anyone would be upset by this.I'm upset because our friend is dead, not because of th
at terrible woman.Did you really just call Waitlist your friend?'Cause I kind of recall you hating h
im before he became barbecue.I'm gonna take a shower.Dibs on the second shower. Sniffles  Door buzze
s, lock clicks in distance Claudia:What, you trying to keep it tight for a conjugal, or you just afr
aid of needing to drop the kids off at the pool?Look, you gonna pee, drop a deuce, get your period, 
have sex in front of us.Sooner you get over it Grunts the better.Mm!Ahh.See, it's easy.It's no diffe
rent than you alone in what I'm guessing is some big Ol', fancy crib...Bitch, will you just leave he
r be?Or do I need to drown you in your own piss?Denver:Due to our prior relationship,I felt she migh
t disclose key evidence for us.To be clear, you did this on your own.No one in this office cleared y
ou to do that?No.Well, Nate, I'm sorry, but we're gonna need to reassess your position here.You tell
 him about us?Nate.That's a no.We've been sleeping together.I imagine any demotion might be construe
d as sexual harassment. Scoffs Grabbing a woman's ass is never okay.I thought you were my girlfriend
.That's the best excuse you could come up with, baby trump?Mm, it's not an excuse.You look just like
 her.You might know her...I might know her 'cause she's black?We all look alike?No.So you're a racis
t and a pervert.H-how does that make me a racist?I-I can understand a pervert, sure, but...Wes.This 
is my friend Wes.He'll tell you.Doesn't she look exactly like Michaela?Oh, my god.You do kind of loo
k like her.See?Come anywhere near me again, and I report you to the police.You think that was racist
, don't you?I just think you're white. Sighs  Please don't tell Michaela. Sighs Stop it.Sorry.How yo
u doing?I just need sleep.Oliver: Door closes  I know.I just didn't know if you really meant that.Wh
at's going on, Oli?Annalise asked me to delete everything on her phone last night...Before I knew We
s was dead.That means she did this, right?No.You told Bonnie you thought she did it.Yeah, I was wron
g.Or maybe you're lying to me the same way you lied about the night of the bonfire.Sam Keating went 
missing that night.His remains were found a few weeks later.Did you all do that?Do you really want t
o know?No, because the minute you tell me...I'm guilty, too, right?Of conspiracy to commit murder, o
bstruction of justice?You could go to the police right now.Nobody would blame you.I just want to be 
by myself right now.We don't even need to talk. Exhales sharply  Sighing  Okay.Um...I'll be at Micha
ela's. Door opens, closes  Mansionair's "easier" plays  Indistinct conversations in distance  Indist
inct shouting in distance  Alarm blaring  Face up, untouched   gazing at the ceiling   Car door open
s  Games up, never bring you down   Car door closes Thanks for seeing me.The autopsy report's not ou
t yet.I know, but you must have heard something...I haven't.I can't be telling you when I do.Why'd y
ou go to her last night if you don't want to help?So I could look her in the eye and see if she did 
this.She didn't.You know that for a fact?This is your shot to get on the right side of this.I can ta
ke you upstairs, give you immunity.You should go.Don't call me again. I'm stuck, I'm stuck   car doo
r closes  I'm stuck here in my skin   Clipper clicking  I'm stuck, I'm stuck   Door buzzes, lock cli
cks  I'm stuck with you  visitor.For who?Her. Keys jostle  Oh, finally! Lock clicks  Tell me it gets
 easier   tell me it gets easier   tell me it gets easier   Door buzzes  That I'll figure it out   t
ell me it gets easier   Knock on door, door opens  Tell me it gets easier   oh, tell me it gets easi
er  hi. That I'll figure it out   Door closes  Sniffles Jasmine: tell me it gets easier Claudia: Key
s jostle, lock clicks Now you got a visitor.Don't forget to wipe. Door closes Bonnie:Why?They still 
haven't released the autopsy reports, which we need if we want to challenge a bail denial.Did you go
 to Nate?We don't need Nate.The M.E. will release the cause of death soon, and we're still looking f
or who the source is."We"?Frank. hey, hey, hey, hey   ooh, ooh I don't want him anywhere near this.H
e's not.I promise. Ooh, ooh   hey, hey, hey, hey  don't worry.I'm gonna get you out of here. Ooh, oo
h tell me you found something.Call log from the station last night...Every call made or received.Bes
t I could do.What's wrong? Papers thud She needs a real lawyer.What would Sam say right now?You're a
s good as Annalise.Let's go.Michaela:Do you want me to call them?Mm, they'll just make it worse.Bonb
on said the police will be stopping by.Yeah, they were here.They wanted me to tell them it was Annal
